>>And I think many
people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>And now, the host of the
nationally syndicated "Coast
to Coast AM" and Gaiam TV
bring you "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know, there are so
many fascinating mysteries
on this planet and
in this universe.
And it takes some
very special people
to investigate those mysteries,
to try to unravel them,
to try to come up with
answers that affect all of us.
One of them is an expert in
ancient civilizations, ufology.
Many have called him the
reincarnated Edgar Cayce.
Let's hear it for our
special guest, David Wilcock,
right here on "Beyond Belief."
Davey, my friend.
How are you?
>> DAVID WILCOCK: I gave you
a little "Gangnam Style."
>> NOORY: That's right.
You know what?
I just might have you
do the "Gangnam Style"
dance for everybody right here.
Do you know how much
money that guy is making?
>> WILCOCK: I know,
it's crazy, right?
>> NOORY: Not bad, by the way.
>> WILCOCK: Oh, thank you.
>> NOORY: Not bad.
How are you?
>> WILCOCK: I practiced that.
I'm doing well.
>> NOORY: It's good to see you.
>> WILCOCK: It's good
to see you, George.
>> NOORY: I've known
David for years.
As a matter of fact, I
still owe him a lunch.
>> WILCOCK: That's right.
>> NOORY: We were at an
event, must have been what?
Six, seven years ago?
>> WILCOCK: Seven years ago.
>> NOORY: Sat down with David,
producer Tom Dannheiser was
with me.
And all three of us ordered
a nice little lunch.
And I kept saying, David,
we owe you a lunch.
Somehow, Tom and I forgot.
And we got up and left,
sticking David with the bill.
>> WILCOCK: Yeah,
thanks a lot, buddy.
>> NOORY: Lots of things we're
going to talk with David about
tonight.
But I've got to ask
you this-- the more I
see you, the more you look
like those Edgar Cayce pictures
that I see in your book, "The
Reincarnation of Edgar Cayce?"
>> WILCOCK: He always
has to bring this up.
>> NOORY: It is uncanny.
>> WILCOCK: This
is like mandatory.
>> NOORY: Uncanny.
But how have you been?
What's new with you, David?
>> WILCOCK: I've been good.
I was just on a
three-hour program
on national television
in Russia, prime time.
>> NOORY: Good for you.
>> WILCOCK: On January
16 from eight to 11 PM,
totally disclosing all the
deepest secrets of the Federal
Reserve and basically revealing
for the first time how they
systematically confiscated the
world's gold between World War
I and World War II.
>> NOORY: Now, did you
have an interpreter there?
How did they handle
the interview with you?
>> WILCOCK: I was
filmed in Los Angeles.
And then they just
did a voiceover
of my voice to
make it so that it
sounds like I'm
speaking in Russian.
>> NOORY: OK.
Did you like the voice
they picked for you?
>> WILCOCK: It was a little
hokey, but pretty good.
>> NOORY (IN RUSSIAN ACCENT):
Yep, the Federal Reserve.
>> WILCOCK: They called
me a noted economist,
which I guess I kind of have
to alter my job description.
>> NOORY: David is with me
on many speaking engagements
around the country.
He is probably one of
the most brilliant people
I've ever talk to.
And you're going
to find out why.
But he's the hardest
person to introduce
because you do so
many different things.
It's very difficult to
pin him down and say,
this is David Wilcock.
And so when you talked
about the Federal Reserve,
we've never talked about
the Federal Reserve
together on "Coast to Coast."
So your experience
is very widely,
I guess, accepted all
around the planet now.
>> WILCOCK: Well, I got
involved in a pretty wild thing.
There's an alliance now of 150
nations, approximately 150,
who have seen that they are
systematically being wiped out
by a very small
group of oligarchs
that are from
Europe and America.
And it's not even
really the countries
as much as it is the
financial infrastructure that
has been built into
these countries.
And you have a situation in
which people are suffering.
There's poverty
all over the world.
And I met with an
investor recently
who's a multimillionaire.
And he told me that it
is embarrassing to him
that, even with
how much less money
he has than many other people,
how easily these problems could
be solved-- world hunger,
people having sanitation,
people having running water.
Just if you give a kid
shoes for his feet,
the impact that that kid's
going to have on his health
is tremendous.
And it's embarrassing
that we're not doing this
because we totally
have the ability to.
>> NOORY: I'm not sure
they want to, David.
>> WILCOCK: That's the problem.
>> NOORY: I think they want
to hold these countries down
as third world nations to
do whatever they have to do
to take advantage of these
people and to just try to keep
a thumb on everything.
>> WILCOCK: Well, this actually
all ties in very nicely
to our topic because these folks
do have a religious background.
And that's what people
don't understand.
It's not Christianity.
It's not Islam.
It's not Judaism.
Don't blame this
on Jewish people.
They have nothing
to do with this.
This is a mystery
school religion.
And the mystery school
religion is based on the idea
that if you follow
these teachings
that you can attain
a specialized state
of human evolution,
which they call
the light body or
the rainbow body.
>> NOORY: The rainbow body.
>> WILCOCK: Yeah.
>> NOORY: And explain
the rainbow body to us.
>> WILCOCK: You can look at
all different wisdom traditions
around the world-- Mithraism,
Gnosticism, Taoism, Buddhism,
Egyptian mythology, the Emerald
Tablets of Thoth, even in Peru,
Mesoamerica.
And everybody got the
same message, ultimately.
A lot of us have
lost this message.
But the basic
teaching is that you,
if you practice
these teachings, will
be able to transmute
your physical body
into a being of light.
And once you've done that, the
abilities that we associate
with Jesus after
his Resurrection
are abilities that
you will have.
Now, that's a highly
controversial notion
when seen in light of
Christianity, especially
in a fundamentalist sense
where Jesus is the Son of God.
He's the only one
who ever did that.
And you're going to have
to reach that state only
through Jesus Christ.
>> NOORY: So you're saying that
everybody can probably attain
this on their own.
>> WILCOCK: We know that there
are 100,000 people that have
attained this in China in the
Kathok Monastery since the 12th
century.
It's written, documented, the
names of them, how they did it,
everything.
Also, in Tibet, since
the 17th century,
there's a further 60,000
people documented-- names,
everything about how they did
it, extensive written records.
So there's 160,000 documented
cases of this happening.
And those cases have
continued straight
up until recent history.
We're literally
looking at a situation
where we have a Catholic
priest named Father Tiso who
goes to Tibet and witnesses
people transforming
into light firsthand.
>> NOORY: Like a beam of light?
>> WILCOCK: Well, it's a
little more complex than that.
But I'll discuss how that
works in just a second.
I just wanted to
point out, in addition
to the Catholic
priest, Father Tiso,
we also have the
Chinese military
that went in there with
all their instruments
and equipment.
And they're literally
looking at people.
And you get wrapped
up in a shroud.
Basically, it is a death.
You appear to have died.
These monks go into a
deep state of meditation.
They stop breathing.
Their body appears to be dead.
You then wrap them
in a burial shroud.
And they put them
in a special hut,
and most people are
instructed not to go in there.
Now, what happens
in most cases--
there's three different
types of rainbow body.
And two out of
three work this way.
The third one is a spontaneous.
You just turn into
light just like that.
>> NOORY: Like Jesus
might have done.
>> WILCOCK: Right.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> WILCOCK: Because of
the Shroud of Turin.
We look at the Shroud of
Turin-- just real briefly
an aside there.
And if you've ever
seen it, you know
that the image that
you usually see
looks like it's black
in the background,
and then there's a white
ghostly image of Jesus's face.
Well that's because it's
a photographic negative.
>> NOORY: It's a negative.
>> WILCOCK: The original
is actually on white linen,
and it's a fully
three-dimensional image
of Jesus's body.
And the carbon dating
that they've done on it
was where they cut off the
little triangular pieces
that you see that were
replaced in the 12th century.
So of course it's going to
date from the 12th century
because they only
dated that part.
But the fact is,
the only mechanism
that could have created
that image on the shroud
is a sudden spontaneous
laser like burst of light
across the whole surface
of the body simultaneously.
And a lot of people
don't realize
that many of the apostles
after Jesus ascended also
achieved light body, as well.
And it was described in
the Bible that tons of fire
came down upon them.
They literally just poof.
It looked like they lit on fire.
Now, what we don't
normally hear is
that here's the Chinese
military and here is
this Catholic priest, who
was specifically chartered
to go over there and study this
phenomenon, who have witnessed
this in modern times happening.
So let's say you're meditating.
You're the monk that's
about to ascend,
as many people
call it ascension.
Your body slumps over.
You stop breathing.
They wrap you in
this burial shroud.
And then over the course
of seven days in this hut,
people start seeing rainbows
coming off the top of the hut.
They hear music.
They smell wonderful
perfume type of odors.
And there's a sort of a
magical feeling around there.
When people go
inside, sometimes you
can see through some of the
wrappings on the burial shroud.
And what you start to see is
that the body is shrinking.
Now, another thing
that's really fascinating
is that people who have
a wizened face, people
who have a lot of lines on their
face, their skin turns pinkish
and the lines disappear.
Their age appears to start
reversing in the shroud
as this process is taking place.
And the body shrinks and shrinks
and shrinks and shrinks over
the course of seven days.
And then there's two different
types of things that happen.
One thing that happens--
and this is sort
of the less-than-fully-ideal
rainbow body creation--
is that you leave behind
this little ashy body.
And literally--
>> NOORY: Like
you've been cremated.
>> WILCOCK: Right.
But like, maybe
you had McDonalds
or you ate some
Twinkies or something.
And there's
something left behind
in your body that
leaves this little ash
that looks like a little man.
You can actually see
plenty of pictures
on the internet where they
take that little ashy body
and they dress it up in clothes.
>> NOORY: It's that solid.
>> WILCOCK: They wrap it up.
First they put a
white cloth around it.
It's got a little cloth head,
little cloth arms and legs.
Just little stumps.
They don't make
it too elaborate.
And then they dress it up.
They give it a little headdress.
They give it a little uniform.
And then they put it on the
pedestal to honor that teacher.
And that this is the goal
that everybody in the Nyingma
sect-- because that's
the sect that does this.
It's Dzogchen
Buddhism, Nyingma sect.
And that's also where
it was in China.
That's the path that everybody's
trying to go for here.
>> NOORY: David, we're going
to continue talking about
the rainbow body.
But let's take some
questions, also,
from the audience for you.
>> WILCOCK: Sure.
>> NOORY: Questions from you for
David Wilcock as we talk about
a very strange topic,
the rainbow body,
and what that all is.
Who's got something there?
Who wants to dive
in here with David?
>> AUDIENCE: Well, it's
a little bit off topic.
But I'm wondering if you--
I know you have access
to information that,
perhaps, not all of us do.
And I'm wondering if
you'd be willing to share
the latest in geopolitical
happenings around the world
and in the United States.
And I wonder if you've had
any interesting dreams lately.
>> NOORY: Now
that's interesting.
You do have access
to a lot of sources
that most people do not.
>> WILCOCK: Yeah,
it's pretty strange.
I find myself in
a unique position
because I have been a
public figure since 1996
on the internet.
I've had my own
websites since 1999.
And I have been on "Coast"
since, I guess, 2000.
>> NOORY: Many times.
At least.
>> WILCOCK: 2001.
Like what, 12 or 13
times at least by now.
And so as a result,
it's easy for people
to think that this whole
UFO subject is a joke.
OK?
What it turns out is
that it's very real.
There are humans
all over the galaxy.
And the US military and branches
of our military industrial
complex have had
diplomatic relationships
with humans from other worlds
going back for over a century.
And what we're
literally talking about,
George, is humans materializing
in the Oval Office,
showing up in front of the
President of United States,
going back for a century.
And that's not something I've
said before, but it's true.
You have people who have
worked in top secret programs
and have interacted
with humans who
have attained light body status.
There's a whole grade of
human evolution that we reach,
at which point we now
have stargates, telepathy,
instantaneous healing,
levitation capabilities.
All these things are
standard for the humans that
have been visiting
us and appeared
as gods going back 11,000
years in our history.
>> NOORY: And how far in advance
are they from us in terms
of living?
Millions of years?
Billions?
>> WILCOCK: You could say
they're millions of years
advanced.
Or you could say they're
only one quantum leap away.
>> NOORY: Yeah, that's true.
>> WILCOCK: And if the
quantum leap is something
that's actually going to
be happening pretty soon,
then maybe it's not
that far away at all--
>> NOORY: And he wanted to
know what your dreams are like.
>> WILCOCK: I have been
having a lot of dreams.
Just a little back story because
I know that for somebody who's
never heard this before, it's
going to sound a little crazy.
I guess we let the
cat out of the bag
when you said Edgar
Cayce reincarnated.
So I probably don't need
a lot of back story.
But I've been writing my
dreams down every morning,
every morning, since
September, 1992.
The day I stopped using alcohol,
marijuana, tobacco-- completely
quit everything-- was
September 20, 1992.
And the next day I started
to write my dreams down
every morning.
I found very quickly,
George, that they
were an incredible source of
prophetic information, accurate
prophecies of future events.
I had posted on my
website some dreams
that I had under an article
called "Bouncing Back
from Hack Attack."
And it was describing-- it was
a joke because my website had
gotten hacked, and
I had a bad cold.
So I was hacking.
So it was a double entendre.
And in that article, which
you can still go see,
I was getting so many
dreams telling me
that something really bad was
about to happen on Earth that I
couldn't help but post them.
I took a big risk because
you know me, George.
I am not doom and gloom.
You've brought plenty
of people on your show--
>> NOORY: They've
been doom and gloom.
>> WILCOCK: Who trend
in that direction.
But I am always saying, no.
>> NOORY: You're
the positive one.
>> WILCOCK: We've got to
focus on the positive,
focus on the golden age.
But I'm having all these dreams
showing big, big disaster.
And this is disaster that
was really, really shocking.
And I finally got
so many data points
that I put it on my website.
And I said, it appears
that some major disaster
is about to happen.
Less than two weeks after
I put that on my website
was Fukushima.
And the dreams completely
described exactly what
happened.
>> NOORY: You're
feeling these things.
>> WILCOCK: Yes.
>> NOORY: Let's take
another question,
then I want to talk
about your dreams, David.
Yes, you had a
question for David?
>> AUDIENCE: You're talking
about people transcending
into light beings in China.
And the government and so forth
were trying to figure it out,
per se.
I know that there are
teachings in China that are not
really known to Western
civilization, such
as-- there is to
a certain extent.
But there's grand masters
that have mastered
the art of qai and kai
and who have mastered
the art of yin and yang and chi.
And they can actually
physically use it.
And you can physically feel it.
And they use it to help
people and to heal people.
And you can physically see them
when they use a thermal camera.
And their hands get warm.
The materials that
they're using get warm.
And the testimonials
and stuff like
that-- my question is that
these teachings are very, very
secret.
And I would assume that the
light beings, those teachings
are very secret, as well, and
they're not very known here.
How come it's so
secret and it's only
kept over there versus trying
to share it with everybody else
and helping everybody to
ascend to be a better being?
>> WILCOCK: Wow.
Big question.
I think that part of the reason
why it has become so secret
is simply because it's faded.
Originally, this
tradition was widespread
amongst many different
religious teachings.
And over time, because of the
difficulty of attaining rainbow
body-- you know,
these people are
meditating for 40
years in a cave.
It appears specifically
that Tibetan Buddhism
has kept the lineage pure.
And because of the
potential destructiveness
of these consciousness
powers that you can gain,
they don't want to teach
it to just anybody.
You have to pass
initiation and be
deemed to be ready for the
teaching to be given to you.
But I do want to talk
after the break more
about what those
teachings are and how
you attain this
yourself, potentially.
>> NOORY: We're going to be back
in a moment. "Beyond Belief,"
David Wilcock.
I call him the human
computer, and he is.
Thank you so much.
We'll be right back.
>> WILCOCK: Thank you very much.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief"
with David Wilcock.
David, I want to talk
about your dreams
and also a little bit more
of the previous question
that you wanted to elaborate
on about just what's
out there with all these
strange groups that
have these mystical powers.
>> WILCOCK: Well, OK.
You have to remember,
now, that one
of the traditions that has
the rainbow body in it--
and I think they call it the
light body-- is Mithraism.
Now, what is Mithraism.
Mithraism, in some senses,
could be seen as a precursor
to Christianity.
Mithras and the
legend of Mithras
has a lot of similarities
to the Christ archetype.
Mithraism was a sect that met
in small groups in secret.
And what we basically see is
that Mithraic mystery school
teachings became freemasonry.
The predominant
inheritance of freemasonry
comes from Mithraism.
Mithraism is all about
attaining light body.
The founding fathers of the
United States of America
called themselves
perfectibilists.
And that term is derived from
their secret mystery teaching
regarding attaining light body.
And William Henry's
research has been
very instrumental in this
category because he points out,
for example, if you walk
into the Congress building
and you look up at the top of
the dome inside the Congress,
up in the top there's
a painting up there.
And it's actually
called "The Apotheosis
of George Washington."
Now, "apotheosis,"
as you know, George,
means "man becomes God."
They're literally drawing
George Washington hovering
on a rainbow with
all of the gods
and goddesses of
the mystery schools.
And because he is
pictured on a rainbow,
that is indicative
of George Washington
attaining rainbow body because
there are very similar pieces
of art that depict Jesus on
a rainbow that looks exactly
the same, indicating that Jesus
had attained rainbow body.
So the freemasonry has,
as we know, 33 degrees.
What a lot of people don't know
is that if you take the coccyx,
this bone chunk down at
the bottom of your spine,
and you look at the
segments in the coccyx,
and you add that up with the
known vertebrae in the lower,
middle, and cervical
regions, you get 33 segments.
Now, what's going on with that?
It's because they think that
you are raising your Kundalini.
You're taking the energy
of the root chakra,
rising it up, and bringing
it up to the pineal gland.
Now, this gets into the
legend of the holy grail.
I'm sorry I'm jumping
all around here.
I'm just going to give us a
tasting menu of some things.
The legend of the holy
grail is a metaphor.
It's not literal.
The chalice is the pineal gland.
It's a gland inside your brain
that's filled with water.
And we now know it's in
the exact geometric center
the brain.
They call it the third eye in
all these ancient traditions.
It's shaped like a chalice.
And the water of the
chalice, the sacred water,
is actually where images
from your astral body
are coming in and then
turning into light
through little chemicals
that are piezochromatic,
meaning they give off light.
And then the entire inside
of that pineal gland
is lined with
retinal tissue, just
like the retina in your eye.
But what is it looking at?
It's looking at the images
coming in through the water.
So believe it or not, the
quest for the holy grail
is the quest to access
your pineal gland.
The castle that the holy
grail is kept in is the skull.
It's the castle of the skull.
The grail quest is the
rising of the 33 segments
of the spine to achieve
the holy grail, which
is activating your pineal gland.
The Masonic mystery teachings--
as you reach 33rd degree Mason,
supposedly you're now
able to consciously switch
on your pineal gland, access
your divine potential,
and be able to step forward
as one of these cloud walkers,
as they're called.
So it was believed that the
founding fathers of the United
States of America
would automatically
attain rainbow body
state upon their death.
And that is why
George Washington
is pictured on a rainbow having
attained rainbow body state.
>> NOORY: Amazing.
Now your dreams-- you kind
of scared me a little bit
when you talked about Fukushima.
>> WILCOCK: Yes.
>> NOORY: What else
are you dreaming?
>> WILCOCK: Well, it's even
crazier than that because I
have a documented record
of everything that has been
dreamed by me every morning
since I started to write them
all down on November 10, 1996.
Now, I had been writing them
down in notebooks in pen
from 1992 to '96.
>> NOORY: You wake up,
write it out right away.
>> WILCOCK: Yeah.
But I have it all computerized
since November 10, 1996.
Recently, I had two different
visionary experiences
that gave me specific
dates to go back and look
at in my own transcripts.
One of them was in 1997,
and one of them was in 2002.
Both of these
windows of time, when
I went back and looked at
them-- and I got specific dates.
One of them was
in a dream and one
of them was in
this state of mind
when I was just waking
up in the morning
and I heard this date
whispered into my ear,
you know, from my higher self.
I look at these dates and I
start reading my transcripts
from these periods of
time, one 15 years ago
and one 10 years ago.
And they are
absolutely describing
what's happening
to me right now.
They're describing where I
live, who I'm living with,
the specific details, even
to the point that I bought
a used hot tub and that I have
to change out of my shorts
when I come into the house.
I mean, like really
specific things.
By the way, it's very
expensive to run a hot tub
with the electric bill,
as I now found out.
>> NOORY: It sure is.
It sure is.
>> WILCOCK: A warning.
So the point is, ridiculously
specific information.
Very, very fine tuned.
And these prophecies
from 10 and 15 years ago
are totally lining up with what
my own dreams are saying, which
is that we are right on the
brink of a mass major exposure
of financial tyranny and a
dismantling of the Federal
Reserve control
system that has been
keeping us captive for so long.
And that, to me, is
extremely exciting.
>> NOORY: If it
happens, if it happens--
>> WILCOCK: OK, Mr. Pessimism.
>> NOORY: No, it's just-- it's
tough fighting the Federal
Reserve.
>> WILCOCK: Well, look, my tin
foil hat's on nice and snug.
And I'm ready for it.
>> NOORY: You're ready to do it.
>> WILCOCK: If you don't
want to believe it,
that's your problem.
>> NOORY: Well, we're going
to sit around and find out,
aren't we?
>> WILCOCK: But I'm
fighting for it, man.
I'm on the front line.
There's an alliance of
150 countries, George.
>> NOORY: I know that.
>> WILCOCK: And
we are out there.
I'm risking my life, and I know
you're doing the same thing.
>> NOORY: Ron Paul,
he was one of them.
>> WILCOCK: Yeah.
And we're trying to get
this thing to change.
>> NOORY: David, we're going
to come back in just a moment.
I want to talk with
you when we come
back more about
these rainbow bodies
and also get into what you're
working on in the future.
Because you never
stop working, do you?
>> WILCOCK: No, I really don't.
But the reward is that I get
to bring this message out.
And I really thank you for
having me on your show.
I really appreciate it.
>> NOORY: More with David
Wilcock on "Beyond Belief"
when we come right back.
[APPLAUSE]
>> NOORY: And welcome
back to "Beyond Belief"
with my dear friend,
David Wilcock.
David, let's talk a little bit
about your life as Edgar Cayce.
How did that all come about?
>> WILCOCK: OK.
I was writing my dreams
down since September, 1992.
I start to have
dreams telling me
that UFO beings
want to talk to me.
And by that point, I was very
convinced that UFOs were real
because I'd actually
met with insiders
who had confirmed things
that I'd heard since 1991.
>> NOORY: Whistle
blowers, people like that?
>> WILCOCK: '92, actually.
Yes, whistle blowers.
I met this one guy who
had worked for Raytheon
and McDonnell Douglas and SAIC,
these defense contractors.
>> NOORY: Heavy hitters.
>> WILCOCK: And he
told me flat out, wow,
the college professor that your
friend was talking to who told
you that UFOs are real and
that the Roswell crash was real
and that we got computer chips
and Teflon and Velcro and LED
lights and all these things
from it-- that's all true.
And there's much, much more.
And that was the first
time that someone
tried to recruit me
into a psychic program
for the government.
But I turned them down.
>> NOORY: Why?
>> WILCOCK: Because somebody
else at the UFO conference had
gotten to me and had said, look,
David, if you get in there,
they're never going
to let you out.
And you're going to be
bound to this thing.
And they will just use you up.
So it was very hard for me
to turn that offer down,
but I did.
And over the years, I've
met with more insiders.
So by 1996, I was
really convinced
that something was going on.
I started to have
dreams indicating
that the UFOs were
not just out there.
It wasn't just something
I'm reading about in books.
That these were real people,
and that if you're ready,
they can talk to you.
And they wanted to talk to me.
I had one dream where
a UFO comes overhead
and shoots this thing down.
It goes [WHOOSHING NOISE],
hits the ground.
And it's a telephone.
And I'm looking at
this going, my God.
And then the telephone
starts ringing.
Hello?
And then I woke up.
And then I had another dream--
>> NOORY: I hope it
wasn't a collect call.
>> WILCOCK: That could
be very expensive.
It's a long distance.
>> NOORY: Yeah, absolutely.
That's right.
>> WILCOCK: I had another dream
in which a ghost was talking
to me.
And I could hear what
the ghost had to say.
And the ghost says,
well, nobody else
can hear me but you, David.
So how about I talk
to you, and then you
say what I'm telling you
into the tape recorder?
I said, yeah, I can do that.
Cut to I'm on a discussion
forum on the internet dealing
with paranormal subjects.
And I meet a man
named Joe Mason, who
now has a website
called greatdreams.com.
And he's describing a technique
that he had called the dream
voice, where he wakes
up in the morning
and he listens to this
chatter that's in your mind.
It sounds almost like there's
a TV on in the other room,
and you can't quite make it out.
It just kind of
comes in and out.
It's very vague.
You might only get a few
words here and there.
He said, just listen as
carefully as possible
and write everything down.
The very next
morning, I woke up.
I tried to remember my dream.
I couldn't.
And I thought I could
hear more of him talking.
And I had been
frantically taking
notes when he was talking to me.
So then I start writing
down what it says.
I get done.
I got eight pages.
And it says at the
end, you can visit
Chichen Itza with your mind.
This is the site in
Mesoamerica with the pyramids.
Right as I'm reading that,
the phone starts ringing.
Wow, that's strange.
It just felt like
there was something
important about this phone call.
It like tugged at my heart.
I pick it up, and it's this guy.
The same guy who warned me off
from joining the remote viewing
program.
And he tells me, hey,
there's a seminar today
on astral projection, how to
take an out-of-body experience.
Do you want to go?
And I'm like, dude,
I just read that.
And I said this in words.
And I didn't even know
what I was saying.
Then it turned out it also had
prophecies about Mother Teresa,
that she was going to
have a heart attack.
And then she did
>> NOORY: And she had one.
>> WILCOCK: And so I start
writing this stuff down every
morning beginning
on November 10, '96.
And it's becoming
remarkable in terms
of how accurately it
predicts the future.
>> NOORY: So almost like Edgar
Cayce when he was in his trance
state, you're doing this
in your dream state.
>> WILCOCK: I had one
of the weirdest ones,
which I've said many times, was
that my friend who I was living
with, I got a reading for him.
And it said to him, you will be
happy to know that your student
loans for New
Paltz have come in.
Now this is crazy because
we graduated from New Paltz.
He was now a graduate
student at SUNY Albany.
OK?
New Paltz, New York was
where we were going.
It's a university for
the state of New York.
Next thing you know, about
a month later, he says,
David, you'd better sit down.
What's going on?
Sit down.
OK.
Then he tells me that New
Paltz, in the bursar's office,
the financial office, was
cleaning out the office.
They pulled the file
cabinet away from the wall,
and there's an envelope that
has an uncashed Stafford loan
check in it made out
to my friend for $900.
>> NOORY: Amazing.
>> WILCOCK: And
it was still good.
And we needed $847
to pay the rent.
>> NOORY: And there it was.
Yeah.
>> WILCOCK: And it said, you
will be happy to know that
your student loan has come in.
>> NOORY: How does this happen?
>> WILCOCK: It bends time.
Just like for them,
they don't apparently
see time the way we do.
We have a past,
present, and future.
You flew here in an airplane.
You're going to fly home.
But in some reality that
these beings live in,
you flew, you're
here, and you're
flying home all
at the same time.
>> NOORY: Constantly.
>> WILCOCK: Stuff that you're
going to do in 10 years they
already know.
But it's probability layers.
It's not like it's
only one thing.
But they can look
at the strongest
vortexes of possibility.
That's the trick.
It's like a layered time.
That's what the
insiders call it.
All probabilities
co-exist with each other.
>> NOORY: Did you see the
video about a year ago?
We had it posted on
"Coast to Coast."
I'm pretty sure you did.
Of what people call
the time traveler?
And it was done
in the late 1800s
on some kind of film
or graphic of a person
holding a cell phone.
There's no question they were
holding a cell phone talking
to someone from the late 1800s.
It was bizarre.
How does something
like that happen?
Are there real time travelers?
>> WILCOCK: There was some
speculation that that was
a primitive type of hearing
aid that he was holding.
But it is definitely a fact
that time travel is already
being used.
We do know that
the insiders have
started to work with
this technology.
I have personal
contact with a guy
who worked on the
Montauk Project.
This was where they took
a seat from a recovered
extraterrestrial craft, hooked
it up to the proper power
supply, and found out that
when you get in this seat
it wires in with your brain.
And then what you think
about will become reality.
So if you want to
manifest an object-- like,
let's say you want to manifest
an old-fashioned antique wooden
chair.
You just sit in the chair.
You start thinking about
it and the chair appears.
A lot of movies have used this
secret knowledge, like "X-Men."
In every "X-Men" movie, there's
a focus on this chair called
Cerebro.
Cerebro is where
you get in the chair
and it amplifies your
psychic ability dramatically.
So in this case, your
psychic ability actually
can create a portal
in the room that
will take you to
another location.
And people could go
through these portals
and end up in those locations.
But not just in space, George.
They could time travel, as well.
>> NOORY: Anyplace.
Well, we've heard the
story of the person who
got hit by a cab in New
York dressed in 1800s garb.
And nobody knew
who the person was.
No ID, nothing.
And a lot of people
are convinced--
I am-- that he was
a time traveler who
came through one
of these portals.
>> WILCOCK: That's right.
Actually, did have ID on him,
and it was very primitive ID.
And it was able to be matched
up with a missing person story
from like 40 years earlier.
>> NOORY: From that period.
And he gets hit by
a cab in New York.
>> WILCOCK: Right.
Because he was scared.
He didn't know
what was going on.
>> NOORY: Oh, he was right
in the middle of the street.
Plow.
Killed him.
Unbelievable.
>> WILCOCK: There's
plenty of cases.
There's basically 12 vortex
points around the world
where disappearances
seem to happen.
That was all cataloged by
Ivan Sanderson in the 1960s.
He looked for all the missing
planes, all the missing ships
on the sea--
>> NOORY: And people.
>> WILCOCK: And people.
Spontaneous
vanishings, like here's
a farmer walking
down in his field.
>> NOORY: He's gone.
>> WILCOCK: He's
vanished just like that.
>> NOORY: David, we're going to
take some more questions from
the audience for you.
There you go.
>> AUDIENCE: Hey, I
have an old friend.
She's about 103.
She's in a nursing home.
>> WILCOCK: That
is an old friend.
>> AUDIENCE: Yeah.
She swears-- and it was
either Saint Louis, Missouri
or Kansas City, Missouri.
She can't remember the paper.
But when she was
four years old--
so roughly 98 years ago--
she remembers some sort
of a football-shaped whole
series of light up in the sky.
And it was a whole
bunch of lights.
And she's an avid football fan.
And she said is was as
big as a football field.
>> NOORY: It was
the Goodyear Blimp.
>> AUDIENCE: No, it
was too long ago.
And I called back there to try
and find the story for her.
And I couldn't find it.
Because I just wanted
to get it to her.
And when I called
wherever I called
and to the library in
Missouri or Kansas,
whichever one I called,
the guy said, you know,
I hate to say this.
But I started talking
to a local guy.
And he said, I've
witnessed this 40 years
after she witnessed it.
It was another
football field thing.
And it was in the newspapers,
and they couldn't find it.
And he said they wouldn't
even talk about it.
But he had witnessed it himself.
And I wondered if you
know what that is.
I had no idea what it is.
And I can't even help
her find the article.
>> WILCOCK: Sure.
You have to
remember-- and I know
you've had him on "Coast"
a bunch of times-- Sergeant
Clifford Stone.
Incredible witness.
Here's a guy who was
contracted for the US military,
in secret, to do
extraterrestrial crash
retrieval missions.
The ship crashes.
Somebody's got to be
the first contact.
And the problem
with this is that
these extraterrestrial
beings who
have reached this state,
this ascendant state, they
still have a body.
And the body can
be very damaged.
They can still be
wounded from the crash.
And you get a full
download of what they feel,
including all the pain.
If your leg has been
chopped off, you feel that.
So Sergeant Clifford Stone
was given a flip book
of the different types
of extraterrestrials
that are operating in and
around Earth's airspace.
And there's 57
different varieties.
>> NOORY: Species, yeah.
>> WILCOCK: All of
which are hominid/human.
And each of these
different types
has a corresponding craft.
Now, the football shape,
what you're describing,
is similar to what
people were calling
airship sightings,
which did occur.
There was a mass wave of airship
sightings in the late 1800s.
The reason why they
thought of them
as an airship is
the football shape
is similar to a
blimp or a zeppelin.
But these things do not
move like a blimp at all.
They just zing, zing,
zing around the sky.
So it's important to
remember when people say,
oh, I wonder where
they come from,
that we have a huge number
of humans visiting us
from different points of origin.
And they have contacted us all
throughout ancient history.
And again, tying in the theme of
our show, the number one thing
that all these gods kept
wanting us to know about
is that you can attain rainbow
body, light body state.
It is possible.
And, they said, it
would begin to be
possible after the
end of the year 2012,
which is why I'm so excited.
>> NOORY: Here we are.
Well, if anybody gets
it, it'll be you.
>> WILCOCK: I'm going to work
for it and see what happens.
But I'll stick around.
I'm not going to just leave.
>> NOORY: Another
question for David?
Yes.
>> AUDIENCE: Hi, David.
When you're talking about
seeing through the astral body
or receiving the visions
or recounting your dreams,
you talked about before that we
are all basically in a trance
and that there is the
veil, that we aren't
able to see what is beyond
this physical world.
And that you had
expressed on your video
that there was proof to
that with different things
that were done with hypnosis.
I was wondering,
has there ever been
anyone that used
posthypnotic suggestion
to be able to see
through the veil,
to see what is beyond, to
see the other dimensions,
to know what is there?
Have you ever heard
of that being done?
>> WILCOCK: Absolutely.
I have some documented examples.
There's over 1,000
academic references
in my book, "Source Field
Investigations," which
was a "New York
Times" bestseller.
And one of the great
ones is stage hypnosis
of an ordinary man.
And they hypnotized this guy.
And they tell him,
you're not going
to be able to see your daughter.
Her body will not exist.
You won't hear her.
You won't see her at all.
>> NOORY: And she could
be right in front of him.
>> WILCOCK: Right.
And they bring this
guy out of trance.
He's under a posthypnotic
suggestion, just like you said.
And his daughter is standing
right in front of him.
And he's looking
around the room.
He's looking right
through her body.
It appears that
he can't see her.
She's giggling.
He doesn't hear the giggling.
Then the hypnotist takes
out a gold pocket watch.
And nobody in the audience
has seen what it is.
He pulls it out quickly
from his blazer pocket,
puts it into the small
of her back, and says,
can you see what's in
my hand, to the guy.
And the guy is staring
through his daughter.
And he sees through her body.
And he can actually read the
inscription on the watch.
>> NOORY: Hidden behind her.
>> WILCOCK: And that's
an ordinary guy.
Now, there's another case.
Doctor Cleve Backster, one of
the top polygraph specialists
for the CIA--
>> NOORY: He's the one who
put plants-- he tested plants.
>> WILCOCK: And he standardized
the method of reading
polygraphs to see
if somebody's lying.
Backster did stage
hypnosis demonstrations
in which he told somebody,
you won't be able to see me.
And that person then
couldn't see him.
And he would light a cigarette
and start smoking it.
And the person would
become terrified
and want to run off the stage
because what he's seeing
is a levitating cigarette
with smoke coming off of it.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
Backster put electrodes on
two plants in a dark room
and recorded the energy
waves that these plants
were giving off.
He sent a guy into the room who
ripped out one of the plants
and tore it apart.
And you could see the
vibrations on the other plant.
The guy left and then came
back a little bit later.
And the vibrations on
that surviving plant
went through the roof.
It was alive.
>> WILCOCK: Absolutely.
>> NOORY: It was
like it could feel.
It could see.
Let's take another question
for David before we break.
Yes, sir?
Right here.
>> AUDIENCE: I had a
question regarding earlier.
You were talking
about mystery schools.
And you got into Masonic
mystery schools a little bit.
I've been really interested
in Rock Gate Park or Coral
Castle in Homestead, Florida.
And I've got the feeling that
possibly Edward Leedskalnin was
involved in one of
these mystery schools.
>> WILCOCK: Unquestionably.
>> AUDIENCE: And possibly he
was trying to divulge a lot
of information to us in
maybe like a way that--
maybe he had to do
it in a certain way
because of a certain oath that
he was under or something.
I was wondering if you could
talk about that a little bit?
>> WILCOCK: OK, sure.
>> NOORY: And Coral
Castle, of course,
being the area where these
huge blocks of stone made this
structure by this 120-pound
man who once said he knew
the secrets of how the
pyramids were built.
>> WILCOCK: Right.
Now, I've been to Coral Castle.
And if you go there,
you can see the secret.
It's kind of off to the side.
Have you been there, George?
Have you been?
>> NOORY: I've not.
I know you've been.
Hoagland's been there.
I haven't been there.
>> WILCOCK: There is this very
strange-looking thing that
Leedskalnin made out of
old automobile parts.
And it's got this little
thing in the middle.
It's made of four little lobes.
And then it's got all
these pieces of metal
in a big circle like a ring.
And it's got a crank on it.
And you can crank
this thing around.
And it's like a
magnetic flywheel.
Now, you look at the
pictures and what he's got
is tripods that have these
magnetic flywheels up
at the top.
He cranks it.
>> NOORY: You're right.
You're right.
>> WILCOCK: And it appears that
Leedskalnin knew the secret,
which is that gravity is
actually what feeds matter.
Leedskalnin wrote a
very strange series
of books in which he encoded
a lot of information, which
is how the mystery
schools do it, too.
And he basically
says in his books
that everything is
made of magnets.
>> NOORY: Everything?
>> WILCOCK: Everything.
And that once you
understand this,
you can manipulate
these magnets.
It appears that our
gravitational field is actually
what feeds physical matter.
Gaiam TV has a video
called "Black Whole"
by Nassim Haramein.
I know you've had
him on the show.
>> NOORY: Yes, good man.
>> WILCOCK: Nassim has
proven with extensive physics
equations that gravity
is what makes atoms.
>> NOORY: Let's talk about more
Edward Leedskalnin and Coral
Castle because
that fascinates me.
You've been there.
We're going to be back
with David Wilcock.
"Beyond Belief," we
shall be right back.
>> WILCOCK: All right.
[APPLAUSE]
>> WILCOCK: Thank you.
>> NOORY: Well, here we are.
It's "Beyond Belief."
David Wilcock with us.
David, we were talking
about Edward Leedskalnin--
120-pound person from Latvia.
Came to this
country and somehow,
by himself, built
Coral Castle, which
are huge blocks of structure.
This whole place is built-- his
chair was made out of stone.
Everything was
made out of stone.
He even moved it because
he was getting harassed.
So he moved it to
Homestead, Florida
from another
location in Florida.
And a truck driver showed
up with a flatbed truck.
And Skalnin said, go
away for a little bit.
Leave your truck.
I'll have everything
on it in a few hours.
And the truck driver looked
at him and went, what?
And he said, don't
worry about it.
Just leave.
He came back in a few hours
and this entire structure--
it's like a house built
out of rock and stone,
huge-- was loaded onto
this flatbed truck.
And to this day,
the truck driver
doesn't know how that happened.
There was another story
where children at night-- Ed
would work by himself.
They snuck in at night and
kind of looked over the walls
and said that they saw him
moving things, floating things
into place.
It's an incredible story.
>> WILCOCK: It is.
We have a really good historical
precedent for technology
that exists that can soften
stone and bring it to the point
where it loses almost all of
its weight in our reality.
And I'm sure you've heard
of Saksaywaman in Peru.
You have these massive stones,
100 tons in some cases,
that just appear to
be mushed together.
And the cracks in
between the stones
are so precise
that you can't even
fit a razor blade in there.
And yet conventional
archaeologists
would tell us,
oh, well they just
wanted to save on the stone.
They didn't want
to waste any stone
so that's why they carved them
into these weird positions.
I mean, why not
make something that
looks nice like
intersecting triangles
or hexagons or something?
Why would you just
try to save stone?
I mean, there's plenty of stone.
You're not going to run out.
OK?
So then we also see a very
strange thing in Peru.
It's also in the
Cambodian temples.
It's also in Egypt, where
you see these bow ties,
these metal bow ties
that appear to be
mushed in between two stones.
And then it's as
if the bow ties are
being used to hold
the stone together.
But if you tried to
haul a bunch of stones
that big and the only thing
that holds them together
is a little bronze
clamps at the top?
>> NOORY: Couldn't be done.
>> WILCOCK: They'd
all fall apart.
But if you can make them
as light as balloons
and you can just push
them with your hands,
then that becomes possible.
Christopher Dunn, another
guy you've had on the show.
>> NOORY: Considers the
pyramids power plants.
>> WILCOCK: Right.
And he has the granite coffer
in the king's chamber pyramid.
Why is it that the
granite sarcophagus
is carved with
drills that appear
to be moving five times
faster than the best
diamond-tipped drills today?
It's not the drill.
It's the stone.
It's the fact that they had a
technology that softens stone.
And ultimately, if you
get advanced enough,
that technology
can be nothing more
than the power of the mind.
Leedskalnin had
two ways to do it.
The technology way to do it
was that cranking flywheel
that I was talking
about before, which
essentially activates the grid.
You'll know from the
history of Coral Castle
that he had to move
it at one point.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> WILCOCK: And its current
location is in Homestead,
Florida.
He was able to see that these
energy vortex points on Earth
were drifting.
And his crank devices
on top of the tripod
were no longer effective.
So he had to move
the site to an area
where the energy was stronger.
And that's where it is today.
So it drifts over time.
But ultimately, the more you
do this you can eventually
reach a point where
your consciousness is
able to shift the
matter phase of stones.
People who reach rainbow
body or light body
can do this very naturally.
The Tibetans have a
discipline called lung-gom.
>> NOORY: What does that mean?
>> WILCOCK: Lung-gom is a guy.
Imagine now that this
is like a long road.
And this would be a
normal guy walking along.
Lung-goms will
actually go like this.
>> NOORY: Leap, huh?
>> WILCOCK: They make
huge, huge jumps.
They go 30, 40 feet in the air.
200, 300 feet in one leap.
>> NOORY: As they stride.
>> WILCOCK: And the whole
trick is that you have to be
in a very deep
state of meditation.
And you have this chant
that you're doing.
And you move your legs in
coordination with the chant.
And every step is
one of the chants.
>> NOORY: Sort of like
when you walked in?
>> WILCOCK: "Gangnam Style."
Who knows?
>> NOORY: David, in the
moments we have left,
as you look toward 2013,
2014, what do things look like
to you?
>> WILCOCK: I'm really excited
because over 30 ancient
cultures, the gods gave them
this prophecy about a coming
golden age.
Now, what does that mean?
That's been the big question.
Maybe December 21, 2012, the
end of the Mayan calendar,
was going to be some spontaneous
light body activation.
It wasn't.
So what I now see is that we
need to work together to help
manifest that golden age.
So there's two fronts for
that, as far as I can see.
There's the personal change,
and there's the global change.
The personal change
involves awakening people
to their potential.
Once you realize that you have
the potential of these gods,
that these master
teachers have given us
an inheritance of
wisdom teachings
that can help us
evolve-- and I'm
going to have my own
show on Gaiam TV called
"Wisdom Teachings."
>> NOORY: Good for you.
>> WILCOCK: Where I'm going
to be bringing this stuff out
and teaching you the practical
things that you need to know
to be able to achieve
these ascended states
of consciousness.
In addition, we've got to
work geopolitical angles.
You've done an amazing job
of that, fighting this fight,
exposing the Federal Reserve,
bringing out the truth
about financial tyranny.
Because once we get disclosure,
once the average person knows
that UFOs are real, that we
are not alone in the universe,
that the big secret is that
they're not scary creatures--
they don't have tentacles.
They're humans.
It's a very different world.
Now, those people have
a prime directive.
They have to hold back
until we're ready for them.
And in order for us
to be ready for them,
we have to reach a certain
level of ethical and spiritual
maturity, which means no
more fighting over my God
is better than your God.
And I do believe that we are
now reaching that point where
that potential is possible,
where the baton will be passed
to us in this relay
race and we will
enter into the true,
real space age.
>> NOORY: Are we getting to
that point because of necessity?
Because if we don't as a
species, we may not exist?
>> WILCOCK: I
believe that's true.
And I believe that our reaching
this point is also coordinated.
Roswell, in my opinion, was
deliberately planted technology
so that we would have computers
and internet access in time
for the end of the
Mayan calendar.
>> NOORY: You may
be right there.
You may be right.
>> WILCOCK: I think
they're helping us.
>> NOORY: Because without
that reverse technology,
we would not have advanced
as far as we have right now.
>> WILCOCK: Absolutely correct.
>> NOORY: And God knows what
other technology we might be
possessing because of that.
>> WILCOCK: Well, there's
a lot more to come.
And there's a lot of
Area 51 scientists
who are ready to
start bringing out
what they know to the public.
The Air Force and the Navy,
in particular, those branches
of the United States military--
the majority of these people
do not support financial
tyranny or the Federal Reserve.
They want to bring
out the truth.
They want to reveal
to the public
that we have had ongoing
diplomatic relationships
with well over 100
different species
of extraterrestrial humans.
They want to reveal to
humanity that we already
have stargate technology.
We already have
light-speed travel.
We already have deep-space
innerstellar spacecraft.
We are already living
in "Star Trek."
It's just that it hasn't
been disclosed yet.
Now, our lives will
change very quickly.
We also have
materializer technology.
Imagine having
something the size
of a refrigerator in your house.
And you think about
something that you want
and it makes it for you.
They already have that.
And guess what?
You can use materializers
to make other materializers.
>> NOORY: I want one.
>> WILCOCK: So do I. The ETs
already are making food with
materializers.
You can think of the best meal
you ever had in your life,
and just by thinking
about it the materializer
will make it exactly
the way you got it.
And it digests into
pure nutrition,
and it cleans your
mouth as you eat it.
>> NOORY: So the
future is bullish.
Let's here it for David Wilcock.
>> WILCOCK: All right.
>> NOORY: Well, thanks for
watching another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
You know, it's kind
of nice to know
that we've got people like David
thinking for us for the future
because we really do have
a bright future ahead.
Thanks, and we'll see
you on our next edition
of "Beyond Belief."
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]